hector he is a first year student who
goes to grand canyon university of
arizona and he wants to talk about what
life is like
being and undocumented immigrants
he was actually smuggled into this
country at the age of a_t_f_ no idea
what was going on because he was eights
out but he talks about the trials and
tribulations of getting accepted
into a university here in the u_s_ let's
watch prices close call question
questions here
where with won't work in a lot of
contact with a lot of networking
into
to get in a scholarship stability
including
me shows and the others
uh... the twenty four thousand dollars
the year what happened with paper and
that's pretty pay two thousand
inexplicable
for documents that you can get better
late asked and answered davis that comes
before my graduation comes in and
hotmail
i cannot comment on the moon pose that
it's heights become working for me
apparently the rest of the in my house
they take me that would be nice to be
all of my house right
three and just chillin in my house maybe
for my high school graduate
networks in the country
take me away they put me in jail for
about six hours and then after lather
coat doing incorrectly
yes no whether we're going to life in
such circumstances instant
sonya
and let me off
corn stalks interest you
precipitator
uh... since there is that i thought to
mount the all basically said
you're screwed
you have a certain time before they're
gonna
even if you're going to the courts are
going to support you because you have
anything
i mean and have you know
is in the wife and kids and i think
that's a pretty much still considered
they told me that best option is to
irangate the prices as much as possible
that's really interesting so in his case
remaining in arizona for some reason
saved him from being deported which our
guest every individual case is different
but i would
think the exact opposite but when i got
from that video is we really need to jv
change the way we do things with
undocumented immigrants in this country
immigration reform is obviously a huge
issue but when it comes to
young kids who have been snuggles in
this country
and they spent years of their lives here
in the united states they went to high
school here payout works here they've
actually contribute to society here they
should have the ability to gain
citizenship and be able to go
universities git get higher education
with all the without all this drama it's
rediculous that
and the day of his high school
graduation or the day before i believe
is that
ice shows up at his door
we need to pass the federal dream act
there's no question about it okay he
didn't knowingly crossed the border he'd
unknowingly do something illegal
it's something that
happened unfortunately in his life when
he was extremely young
and he was in the university earlier in
that video
uh... he talks about how he studied like
crazy because you want to go to stanford
so you know isn't over achiever he
participate in all these clubs he did
really great in advanced placement
classes
hesione and avoid the stafford probably
because it costs so much money right
he's not gonna be able to get any
federal student aid because of the fact
that he is an undocumented immigrant
so we had to settle for com
grand canyon university of arizona which
i'm sure is a lovely institution but
it's unfair that his legal status
is gonna take take the rest of his life
and don't get me wrong i'm not in favor
of people crossing the border illegally
but in this case there are exceptions to
every role
he was one of those in this country when
is he was eight years old he didn't
knowingly do something illegal he went
to high school here he has contributed
to society he wants to continue
contributing to society so we need to
pass a federal jury night at least
that's my take on it and when you hear
from you guys though because we have
received a lot of
prone tree knocked videos and i one
person arguments against it so if you
have any arguments against that
by all means please send us your videos
all you do is go to upload dot the young
turks dot com
you create a username and password and
then upload a video she'll minutes or
less paid try not to go over to me that
that's a little too long we can't use it
on the show
as they try to keep it short